[SignIn] Adding appliedEventListeners to beta Prod, MC and FF. (#18264)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/authenticationeventhandlerresult.md

---
title: "authenticationEventHandlerResult resource type"

> description: "Indicates the handler result of this authentication event."

Author: I think correct

author: "junrlin"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "identity-and-access-reports"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# authenticationEventHandlerResult resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Indicates the handler result of this authentication event.
> 
> This is an abstract type.

Reviewer: Align with metadata + show downstream object.
```suggestion
An abstract type that defines the result of authentication to event listeners in Azure AD sign-ins. This abstract type is inherited by the [customExtensionCalloutResult](../resources/customextensioncalloutresult.md) resource type.
```

Author: Do we need to list inheritance here? because we will have more types to inherit in the future.

Reviewer: Yes, we do. Without the link to the downstream objects, the docs and the customer drop off here, disrupting their flow.

When we have more types, we'll also add them to the list, np.

Author: got it

## Properties

> |Property|Type|Description|
> |:---|:---|:---|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
None.
```
